energy consumption has been rising in
proportion to the quantity of people
moving from rural areas into the
metropolises all over the world more
demand is applied to the already
strained power grid agriculture demand
increases as well when individuals are
not farming their own land the question
is which country has the majority of the
growth in energy consumption come from
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you today we are going
to talk about energy I also have a few
other issues I need to get to at the end
but first we will look at this Global
energy consumption we're looking at the
total energy the one point I want to
make is right in here from 2000 to
2008 we have growth that was nearly
double what all the other years that
you're seeing here on this
chart huge consumption in energy during
those years and that is very important
to note you'll see that it is in fact
double What was seen between 08 and uh
2014 and hold on to that thought for a
moment
okay look at this and there's no doubt
that commodity usage was also and and of
course the prices as well were also
Rising dramatically during that time
frame Global growth in energy
consumption total you're seeing this as
a different type of chart and low and
behold in red China between o and 08 you
can see that the percentage of which
China made up that energy consumption
that growth there is
massive China was gobbling it all up
during that time frame and even when we
move into a different time more recently
you can still see that China is taking
it on like no
other while the world
excluding China India and Africa
had significantly declined you can see
38 versus 9 during this time frame and
then
you um realize that although yes China
has not consumed to the degree that they
did a few years ago it seems like as a
percentage they're certainly growing at
a higher rate now of course there's a
lot of Public Works projects like the
world has never seen before before going
on in China it's not necessarily you
know uh all China success story but it
does show you that there is at least
more growth more consumption more
individuals moving from the rural areas
into the big cities and that is a trend
which is still continuing not at the
rate it was
before Global growth in energy
consumption by percentage of the total
growth so you're seeing a lot of the
similar information but this one shows
something that I pointed out in the last
one that
66% of the
growth has in recent times come from
China massive it's massive to think
about and you know in the '90s you saw
that
primarily it was made up of the world
excluding China India and Africa now
things have really really changed 20
years later
moving
on China 25 there's a few things here 25
to 54y older population and it's uh
suggesting that this will uh be on a
decline also the one reason that I
mentioned this was the red line is debt
okay
skyrocketing particularly during this
time frame which seems like like just
prior to the financial crisis the debt
seems to increase
dramatically then you look at the GDP
numbers which
are increasing no doubt but that sort of
that split that you're seeing in between
these two numbers now I've made a
wonderful mess of this but you
understand what I'm saying is that the
debt is increasing at many many
multiples
faster than the GDP is and these are
fake number GDP of course all countries
use uh fake numbers to determine what
their GDP is at any time you've heard me
cover it before but in Europe they use
things like prostitution and drug
activity as part of that and this is how
you know that if they're willing to
admit that they do that what is actually
going on under the table okay I want to
switch gears now and talk about this
Dallas Police and Fire penion backs cut
backs to avoid a collapse
all
right there have been many
situations in recent years where
governments have taken Pension funds or
done something with the Pension funds of
people maybe they use that to cover up
shortfalls maybe uh in this case you
know they made a promise they couldn't
keep it and they have to take from
individuals
and that's what's happening right here
and
it's amazing to me to believe that
individuals are so gullible sometimes
that they believe their money is safe
why would you believe that ever there's
been so many instances around the world
recent times historic times where we
have seen
governments Banks
corporations colluding together acting
alone taking people's money taking
people's savings confiscating things
nationalizing the gold for
example in the US we've seen Bank runs
we have seen bank holidays we have seen
revaluations of currencies we have seen
the destruction of currencies and people
still generation after generation they
don't get it now some cultures like
to pass their wealth down in the form of
precious medals very uh very smart to do
that versus putting your money in the
bank and then hoping that it'll be there
tomorrow look if your grandparents no
matter how old you are your grandparents
kept all the money that they earned you
know all their savings they made that
you know $5 at the end of the month and
they took that that money and they put
it under the mattress and they gave it
to
you 50 years down the road maybe they
passed it down to your you and then you
pass down to your children and
everything that money is practically
worthless unless it was perhaps some
sort of coin and then it would actually
have real metal in it but you see what
I'm saying cash does not hold its value
over long periods of time there is a
purpose to have cash there is a reason
as a means of transacting between two
individuals but it's not a way to store
wealth and these people they just keep
putting their money in paper assets
paper assets look you want to do that
You' got to have an exit strategy it has
to be in and out and I don't recommend
it because it's too dangerous too quick
a lot of individuals that I assist
aren't really looking for that so I
don't generally talk about this but
what's important to note is that you
cannot trust them how many more times do
you need to be
Bamboozled Switching gears again
populist anger is moving politics in
Canada they're saying that according to
this Edelman poll only 43% of Canadians
say they trust their government down
from 53% a year
earlier all I want to say is from my
experience from what I experience on a
daily basis I think that most people
that I speak
to they think that everything is great
it's a lot of people siding with
liberals as if there's a difference
between the two they really are just
complacent you know they I think a lot
of people generally
dislike that the government you know
there's too much Taxation and they're
you know squandering money the general
Corruption of governments is understood
by people they don't know how deep it
goes but it doesn't seem to be any
different let's say 5 years ago than it
was
today people
generally are so loving to the
government no matter what they do I mean
look at I use this example all the time
because it was so shocking to me in the
G20 people were singing the Canadian
national anthem and as soon as they
finished singing they were trampled they
were beaten they were kidnapped
literally and I call that use that word
specifically kidnapped put in people
driving up in Vans we're not even sure
if they're police because they didn't
have Uniforms on or anything driving by
through people into Vans and they were
taken to detention centers who were the
people picking them up probably police
but you know do you know that no you
don't know that because they weren't
wearing their uniforms weren't wearing
their hats unmarked Vans I mean it is
literally a
kidnapping people were
trampled on horses literally and there's
videos of it you can see it on YouTube
they were tra sitting down on the floor
doing you know their their own version
of protesting just sitting down there
and the police ran them over with
horses and people said they deserved
it they shouldn't have been there if
they knew that police were going to be
there that there was people disrupting
real people causing a mess no doubt then
they should have gotten out of there so
that every time that would give those in
control an excuse to have a small little
provocator event so that the people who
actually care the people who are
actually trying to make a difference
they get they leave and then the protest
isn't heard that's what they want and
they get it every time or they get
beaten severely and that's what happened
during the
G20 people love the government here
that's the general consensus I get
there's few and far between that
actually know what's going on that are
critical with actual you know
substantial evidence
of things that the government is doing
like signing the bailin bailin regime
people don't even know about that anyway
let's move on to the very last article
here Japan pushing Fukushima disaster
survivors to move back to Radioactive
homes that's extreme but let me read the
subtitle for just a moment around 6,000
people face returning to homes with
radiation levels similar to Chernobyl
the equivalent of having a chest x-ray
every
week I don't know if that's a fact but
according to Green Piece they're saying
that's what's going on right now and
they're being pushed back into there and
the reason why is because this makes
everything okay
again as long as you put the people back
into place and you say everything's okay
then it surely is if you found this
video informative please give me a
thumbs
up my inter with x22 report or x22
Spotlight actually is up I just saw that
so you can uh check that out if you're
interested if you like x22 then you'll
definitely want to see the interview
that I just did with him it's on my
YouTube channel under the section
interviews or you can just go to his
channel same video and uh if you found
this video informative I know you'll
find my book The Money GPS even more
informative if so head over to Amazon
where they have a look inside feature
that will allow you to flip through the
pages of the book and see if you like it
take care